>> Kyle Simpson: Let's make sure we're
fully clear on this whole undefined
versus undeclared thing.
Might be review for some of you but
let's just make sure we're fully clear.
What is the difference between
undefined and undeclared?
Anyone?
>> Speaker 2: You're declaring
this variable exist,
I'm not assigning it a value but it exist.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, that's true.
>> Speaker 2: So
there it's declared but not defined.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: Undeclared.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right, that's part
of it, you're on the right track but
that's not all of it yet.
>> Speaker 3: Undeclared has have
never had the memory allocated during
the compiler parsing
stage whereas undefined.
Maybe it was allocated but there's
never been a value assigned to that.
>> Kyle Simpson: Putting both of
your answers together we can
get the complete answer.
So let me restate that.
You are both correct.
You're on the right track so
let me restate this.
The difference between these two,
undefined means a variable exists but
at the moment it has no value.
It may have never had a value or it might
have used to have a value and it doesn't
anymore but there is no other value in the
vacuum of space it is undefined, right?
Undeclared even though they sound
like synonyms undeclared is actually
never formally declared in any
scope that we have accessed to.
That's what undeclared means.
We do not have a marble for it.
And in strict mode, it always results
in those reference areas, okay?
It's important to keep those straight.
Unfortunately, JavaScript tries to
mess around with this and pretend that
undeclared is sort of the same thing as
undefined and some of its error messages
and other outputtings and things and
not is historically a really bad idea.
We need to keep these
two concepts separate.
There's a different something
being undeclared doesn't exist,
and being undefine definitely it does
exist, but doesn't have a value.